README.md, before:

# MCPConfig
Public facing repo for MCP SRG mappings.

This is NOT intended for end users to use. 
This is NOT a replacement for MCP.
This will NOT allow you to make Mods. DO NOT ASK.
This is ONLY inteded for making part of the process of updating MC obfusication mappings public. As well as publishing those mappings to the [Forge Maven](http://files.minecraftforge.net/maven/de/oceanlabs/mcp/mcp_config/) so that others may access them in a standard way.

You may NOT modify/rehost the mappings without express consent from either LexManos or Searge.
This is intended to prevent conflicting mappings from being published as that does nothing but hurt stability.
You MAY download our mappings from Forge's maven, and use them in your project. Just please give proper credit in some way.

You MAY make suggestions and fixes in the form of Issue reports and Pull Requests to this repo.
You may NOT make any suggestions that are derived from the offical mappings provided by Mojang as those mappings are copywritten by Mojang and we have no rights to redistribute them
There are other projects such as ForgeGradle that are designed for Modder facing development.
This is not for people who don't know what this is.

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

# How to Use:

This is basic gradle setup, read the gradle. This is INTENTIONALLY not holding your hand because this is a powerful tool that if used incorrectly can cause a lot of issues. Spend a few minuetes reading the gradle and you can figure things out.

Commit message:

Re-indexing and re-write to use official class names, and standard unique names.
Cleanup buildscript, moved a lot to buildSrc.
Moved our update scripts to groovy instead of python.

Defined the license we are under. This is retroactive to all MCP data.
Added notes about Mojang's official license. ALL users should be aware of this license and the shortcoming of it.

README.md, after:

# MCPConfig
Public facing repo for MCP SRG mappings.

This is NOT intended for end users to use. 
This is NOT a replacement for MCP.
This will NOT allow you to make Mods. DO NOT ASK.
This is ONLY intended for making part of the process of updating MC obfuscation mappings public. As well as publishing those mappings to the [Forge Maven](http://files.minecraftforge.net/maven/de/oceanlabs/mcp/mcp_config/) so that others may access them in a standard way.

# License
The data contained here is released under a [modified zlib license](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/MCPConfig/blob/master/LICENSE).
The brands and names of the project and packages are still reserved.
This means you are allowed to create and publish derivative works.
However, those publications must be done under a different group and name.
This is intended to prevent conflicting mappings from being published as that does nothing but hurt stability.
We also appreciate if you give acknowledgement or credits in someway. But this is not required.


# Mojang Mappings
This project uses the obfuscation logs provided by Mojang for Minecraft in order to generate its data. That means that the data here could be considered a derivative work of those mappings. So you should be fully versed in the license associated with those official mappings. You can read more about our interpretation of them [here.](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/MCPConfig/blob/master/Mojang.md)

# How to Use:

This is INTENTIONALLY not holding your hand because this is a powerful tool that if used incorrectly can cause a lot of issues. Spend a few minutes reading the gradle and you can figure things out. If you wish to work on MCPConfig, and know what you are doing. You are free to join the #mcpconfig channel in the Forge discord and discuss it there.
