net/minecraft/advancements/ICriterionTrigger Trigger
net/minecraft/block/trees/AbstractTree Tree
net/minecraft/block/Block Block
net/minecraft/client/Particle Particle
net/minecraft/client/TexturedParticle Particle
net/minecraft/client/gui/widget/list/AbstractList List
net/minecraft/client/gui/widget/button/AbstractButton Button
net/minecraft/client/gui/widget/AbstractSlider Slider
net/minecraft/client/gui/widget/Widget Widget
net/minecraft/client/gui/screen/Screen Screen
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Texture Texture
net/minecraft/world/biome/Biome Biome
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment Enchantment
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity TileEntity
net/minecraft/item/Item Item
net/minecraft/entity/Entity Entity
net/minecraft/entity/item/minecart/MinecartEntity MinecartEntity
net/minecraft/potion/Potion Potion
net/minecraft/potion/Effect Effect
net/minecraft/inventory/container/Container Container
net/minecraft/inventory/container/Slot Slot
net/minecraft/nbt/INBT NBT
net/minecraft/network/IPacket Packet
net/minecraft/entity/ai/brain/task/Task Task
net/minecraft/entity/ai/goal/Goal Goal
net/minecraft/util/palette/IPalette Palette